polish example (#6923)
prisma/prisma-examples: databases/prisma-postgres/README.md

- Connection pooling and caching (via [Prisma Accelerate](https://prisma.io/data-platform/accelerate))
- Real-time database change events (via [Prisma Pulse](https://prisma.io/data-platform/pulse))

> > **Note**: Prisma Postgres is currently in Early Access and not yet recommended for production usage. There are no automated backups and a risk of total data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: Prisma Postgres is currently in [Early Access](https://www.prisma.io/docs/platform/maturity-levels#early-access) and is not recommended for production. Automated backups are not yet available, so extra care is advised to prevent data loss.
```

Reviewer: @nikolasburk I left a suggestion.
